Add project variable set relationship APIs (#279)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets.mdx

            "type": "workspaces"
          },
          {
            "id": "ws-XhGhaaCrsx9ATson",
            "type": "workspaces"
          }
        ]
      },
      "projects": {
        "data": [
          {
            "id": "prj-1JMwvPHFsdpsPhnt",
            "type": "projects"
          },
          {
            "id": "prj-SLDGqbYqELXE1obp",
            "type": "projects"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## List Variable Sets

List all variable sets for an organization.

`GET organizations/:organization_name/varsets`

| Parameter            | Description                                              |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `:organization_name` | The name of the organization the variable sets belong to |

List all variable sets for a project. This includes global variable sets from the project's organization.

`GET projects/:project_id/varsets`

| Parameter     | Description    |
|---------------|----------------|
| `:project_id` | The project ID |

List all variable sets for a workspace. This includes global variable sets from the workspace's organization and variable sets

> attached to the workspace's parent project.

Reviewer: From what I've seen, we usually say workspaces are "contained within" projects:
```suggestion
attached to the project this workspace is contained within.
```
Please feel free to push back if you don't like this phrasing!

  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/varsets/varset-kjkN545LH2Sfercv/relationships/workspaces
```

> ## Apply Variable Set to Projects

Reviewer: How would you feel about moving this section above "Apply Variable Set to Workspaces"? In order of specificity, it feels it make sense to tell folks how to assign to projects _before_ workspaces.

Author: That makes sense, I didn't know if there was a preference on ordering.

> Accepts a list of projects to add the variable set to. When the variable set is applied to a project, all workspaces in the project will have the variable set applied to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accepts a list of projects to add the variable set to. When you apply a variable set to a project, all the workspaces in that project will have the variable set applied to them.
```
